Draft content for Sales section (#177)
cal-itp/crm-helpdesk: docs/sales/deal-pipelines.md

# Deal Pipelines

> Pipelines reflect different initiatives and document where we are in the process with transit providers. The charts below indicate the uses of our current pipelines. Pipelines can be added when a new workflow would benefit from this action. New pipelines can be created by open up an [issue one Github](https://github.com/cal-itp/crm-helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=deals-pipeline&template=deals-pipelines-request-form.yml&title=%5BDeals+Pipeline+Request%5D%3A+) using our deals pipeline template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines reflect different initiatives and document where we are in the process with transit providers. The charts below indicate the uses of our current pipelines. Pipelines can be added when a new workflow would benefit from this action. New pipelines can be created by opening an [issue on Github](https://github.com/cal-itp/crm-helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=deals-pipeline&template=deals-pipelines-request-form.yml&title=%5BDeals+Pipeline+Request%5D%3A+) using our deals pipeline template.
```

> Current list of Deal pipelines are created (as of 12/13/22)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current list of Deal pipelines (as of 12/13/22)
```
